c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\MusicStore.dll.config
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\MusicStore.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\MusicStore.pdb
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\obj\Debug\MusicStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\obj\Debug\MusicStore.dll
c:\users\pamelachu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MusicStore\MusicStore\obj\Debug\MusicStore.pdb
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\MusicStore.dll.config
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\MusicStore.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\MusicStore.pdb
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\obj\Debug\MusicStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\obj\Debug\MusicStore.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\obj\Debug\MusicStore.pdb
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\BusinessLogic.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\VariablesTemp.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Modelos.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\BusinessLogic.pdb
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\VariablesTemp.pdb
C:\Users\Jorge\Desktop\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Modelos.pdb
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\MusicStore.dll.config
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\MusicStore.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\MusicStore.pdb
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\BusinessLogic.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Modelos.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\BusinessLogic.pdb
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Modelos.pdb
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\obj\Debug\MusicStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\obj\Debug\MusicStore.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\obj\Debug\MusicStore.pdb
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\VariablesTemp.dll
C:\Users\Jorge\Documents\GitHub\MusicStore\MusicStore\MusicStore\bin\VariablesTemp.pdb
